1 Introduction
2 Flat and spherical earth are very different views of the world
3 Pacman says: "Are they though?"
4 No they aren't
5 Conclusion and Future Work
6 Bibliography (= Wikipedia, maybe some differential geometry book)


L to All: I'll start writing some introduction here, I don't know which latex template you want to use.

INTRODUCTION

The aim of this paper is to bring peace! For years very smart people have been fighting over the shape of our beautiful, albeit shitty, planet. Two equally reasonable positions have mainly emerged: the Earth is a disc VS the Earth is a sphere. This two very different bidimensional manifolds have both equal rights to claim themselves the proper geometrical model for Earth. Thus they started fighting. With what army? Well, Flat Earth Societies are fighting in the blue corner alongside the multiple-millenia champion Disc. In the red corner we see the young arrogant opponent, the Sphere, supported by its team: Science and everyone else.

They have been fighting round after round for centuries, with equal credibility, and the match seemed impossible to settle. There was this dark moment in history where the evil and arrogant was unfairly holding our beloved champion against the ropes. All seemed lost. How can planes fly in circonferences around the globe if the globe is not a globe? That was a tough one, also a shitty move in the authors' opinion. Then Pacman, the fairest referee of all, came to save the day.

The main contribution of this work is none. However, we would like to remind everyone that the Pacman effect is a thing. Airplanes can fly to the extreme boundary of Earth, but they are bound to reappear on the diametrically opposite side of the disc, just like Pacman in the famous Namco videogame. Now when forced to apply the rigour of mathematics (reluctantly: reasoning is for nerds! Nerds suck!), we see that the Pacman effect can be modelled as the identification of the boundary of the disc to one single point.

Counterintuitively this Pacman effect sheds new light on the Truth. The disc with such identified border is nothing but a surface diffeomorph to the sphere. As Einstein once said:

"It seems as though we must use sometimes the one theory and sometimes the other, while at times we may use either. We are faced with a new kind of difficulty. We have two contradictory pictures of reality; separately neither of them fully explains the phenomena of light [L to All: I would strike on the word "light" and write Earth next to it], but together they do."

We have discovered what we call the "disc–sphere duality".






